Voice: JADEN...WE NEED YOU...
THAT DOESN'T LOOK GOOD.
HUH? I KNEW DUEL ACADEMY
WAS A "HOT SCHOOL"...
BUT THIS IS RIDICULOUS!
ONLY YOU CAN
RESTORE BALANCE.
PHASE TWO OF YOUR
MISSION BEGINS NOW!
IT DOES?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
LOOK, IT'S CHAZZ.
I HEAR HE
TOTALLY LOST IT.
YEAH, WHO WEARS WHITE
AFTER LABOR DAY?
[ALL LAUGHING]
I BET HIS NEXT
NEW OUTFIT'S
GONNA BE
A STRAIGHT JACKET.
Y'KNOW, I'M NOT
AFRAID TO GET
THIS OUTFIT DIRTY.
I'VE GOT THREE MORE.
EXIT STAGE RIGHT!
THEY'LL ALL BE DRESSED
IN WHITE SOON ENOUGH.
BUT THEY WON'T LOOK
AS GOOD AS ME.
I JUST HAD
A BRILLIANT IDEA!
YOU'RE FINALLY
GOING TO SHAVE OFF
THAT RIDICULOUS
MUSTACHE?
NO, I'M THINKING OF
GETTING BIG PINK RUFFLES
AND A PONYTAIL!
WAIT, YOU ALREADY HAVE
THAT LOOK COVERED.
NOW LISTEN, MONSIEUR!
WITH JADEN STILL MISSING
AND CHAZZ A FEW LIVERS SHY
OF A PATE, THIS IS
THE PERFECT TIME
TO DISMANTLE
THEIR DORM!
AND HOW DO YOU
EXPECT TO DO THAT?
YOU CAN'T JUST
GO AROUND TEARING
DOWN DORMS.
AND THAT'S PRECISELY
WHY I THINK WE SHOULD--
I'VE DONE IT!
I JUST SIGNED
MY LAST DOCUMENT!
GUESS AGAIN!
NOW WILL YOU PAY
ATTENTION TO MY PLAN!?
WE'LL DEAL WITH THIS
THE WAY WE DEAL
WITH EVERYTHING
AROUND HERE!
WITH A DUEL!
A FIGHT FOR THE FATE
OF THEIR DORM!
GLAD I THOUGHT
OF IT.
JUST IMAGINE
THE PUBLICITY
WE'LL GET!
ALL WE NEED
NOW IS A DUELIST.
ONE THAT WILL PUT ON
A GOOD SHOW.
I KNOW.
THAT'S WHY I PICKED
ALEXIS RHODES
TO REPRESENT
THE RED DORM.
AND I'VE MADE
ARRANGEMENTS
FOR HER CHALLENGER
TO BE FLOWN IN TONIGHT.
YOU'LL NEVER GUESS
WHO IT IS.
THANKS FOR COMING
ON SUCH SHORT NOTICE.
I BOOKED YOU
A LAST-MINUTE MATCH.
YOUR FLIGHT
TO DUEL ACADEMY
LEAVES TONIGHT
AT 10 P.M. SHARP.
WAIT YOU'RE
MAKING ME GO BACK
TO THAT PLACE!?
IT'S IN YOUR BEST
INTEREST, ASTER.
HAVEN'T WE BEEN
THROUGH THIS BEFORE?
BUT WHAT ABOUT
MY TOUR SCHEDULE?
LEAVE THAT TO ME.
BUT, SARTORIUS...
I JUST DON'T SEE
HOW THIS IS ANY GOOD
FOR MY CAREER!
IT'S
A STEP BACKWARDS!
YOU'VE GOT TO HAVE
MORE FAITH IN THE CARDS.
REMEMBER,
THEY SEE EVERYTHING.
AND RIGHT NOW THEY'RE
WARNING US OF A THREAT.
WHAT KIND
OF A THREAT
DO YOU MEAN!?
A THREAT TO ME!?
THAT PART IS UNCLEAR.
WHICH IS WHY YOU MUST GO.
ALL THE ANSWERS
LIE AT DUEL ACADEMY.
THEN YOU CAN
COUNT ME IN.
I'LL FIND
THIS THREAT.
AND WHEN I DO,
I'LL ELIMINATE IT.
HOW CAN THEY
DO THIS?
EASILY. WHEN
THE ENEMY'S IN CHARGE
THE BATTLE'S
IN THEIR FAVOR.
BUT WE'VE GOT
TO PRESS ON.
THE FUTURE
OF OUR PLATOON IS
IN YOUR HANDS,
PRIVATE LEXI.
TOUCHING SPEECH,
SARGE.
BUT THIS FIGHT
IS MEANINGLESS.
SOON THE WHOLE SCHOOL...
NO, THE WHOLE WORLD
WILL BE UNITED
IN THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT.
BUT GO AHEAD.
SAVE YOUR LITTLE DORM.
IT'S
YOUR DORM, TOO!
AT EASE, M'AM.
FORGET HIM.
YOU'VE GOTTA
PREPARE FOR COMBAT.
GOOD POINT.
I HAVE A JOB TO DO.
I MAY BE
AN OBELISK BLUE,
BUT RIGHT NOW
MY HEART BELONGS
TO THE RED DORM.
I HAVEN'T BEEN
THAT MOVED...
SINCE I DUELED JAY.
HEY, PAL! WHEREVER
YOU ARE OUT THERE,
I'M THINKIN'
ABOUTCHA!
[COYOTE HOWLING]
Alexis: A SHOOTING STAR!
MAKE A WISH!
PLEASE KEEP OUR
BARRACKS STANDING
AND JADEN SAFE
FROM HARM.
Alexis: WHO SCHEDULES
A DUEL AT MIDNIGHT?
Hassleberry:
SOMEONE WHO'S UP
TO NO GOOD.
Syrus: ALEXIS!
IS IT TRUE?!
Bastion: YES, ARE THEY
REALLY GOING TO TEAR
DOWN OUR DORM
IF YOU LOSE!?
BUT THAT'S AGAINST
REGULATIONS!
Bonaparte: NOT WHEN YOU'RE
THE HEAD OF THE SCHOOL!
LAST I CHECKED, WE
MAKE THE REGULATIONS!
Hassleberry:
WELL, IF IT ISN'T
THE GRUESOME TWOSOME!
YOU'LL NEVER GET
AWAY WITH THIS!
OUR DORM ISN'T GOING
ANYWHERE, BONAPARTE!
HEH HEH HEH!
YOU HAVEN'T MET
YOUR OPPONENT.
Aster: HEY, DUDES!
LONG TIME NO DUEL!
All: ASTER PHOENIX?!
THAT'S ME.
EXPECTING
SOMEONE ELSE?
IT'S REALLY HIM!
YOU'RE BRILLIANT!
AW STOP.
ACTUALLY ON SECOND
THOUGHT KEEP ON GOING!
HE WAS BOOKED SOLID
FOR THE NEXT TWO YEARS!
HOW DID YOU GET
HIM TO SHOW UP!?
HEH HEH HEH!
LOOK, LET'S JUST SAY I KNOW
SOME PEOPLE WHO KNOW SOME
PEOPLE AND LEAVE
IT AT THAT, OK?
LIKE WHO?
WELL IF YOU MUST KNOW,
ONE OF THE FELLAS
ON MY BOWLING TEAM
KNOWS A WAITER WHO
ONCE SERVED A GUY
WHOSE NEPHEW CUTS
SARTORIUS'S HAIR.
I'VE ALWAYS
WANTED TO BE
ON A BOWLING TEAM.
YOU HAVE TO BE OVER
FIFTY TO JOIN OURS.
YOU'RE FIF--
KEEP IT DOWN, CROWLER.
YA KNOW YOU'RE ONLY
AS OLD AS YOU FEEL.
ALLOW ME TO DEMONSTRATE.
ALRIGHT, DUDES!
LET'S GET FUNKY
WITH OUR BAD SELVES!
Syrus: WHAT'S HE
TALKING ABOUT?
SO, ASTER,
HAVE YOU HEARD?
I'M IN THE CLUB.
WHAT MY FAN CLUB?
UH, NO.
I MEAN THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT!
DOESN'T RING A BELL.
SORRY, MAN.
OH, COME ON.
YOU'RE KIDDING, RIGHT?
I KNOW SARTORIUS
SENT YOU.
HE NEEDS YOU TO KICK
JADEN'S BUTT ONE LAST TIME.
YOU'VE GOT IT WRONG.
JADEN'S NOT
EVEN HERE, DUDE.
BESIDES, WHY WOULD I
NEED TO PLAY HIM?
I'M HERE TO DUEL
THAT ALEXIS GIRL.
OKAY NOW I SEE
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
YOU'RE THE CELEBRITY-TYPE
WHO LIKES TO KEEP HIS LIFE
PRIVATE, RIGHT?
LOOK, IF THAT'S
WHAT YOU WANT,
IT'S COOL WITH ME.
I'LL MAKE SURE TO KEEP
THINGS ON THE "DOWN-LOW."
YOU CAN TRUST ME.
I'M ONE OF YOU NOW.
I'VE SEEN THE LIGHT!
AS STIMULATING AS
THIS CONVERSATION IS...
I GOTTA GO, PAL.
I CAN READ
BETWEEN THE LINES.
SO DON'T WORRY
ABOUT A THING.
THIS "DISCUSSION"
NEVER HAPPENED.
IT'S COOL.
YOUR SECRET IDENTITY
IS SAFE WITH ME.
NOW GET OUT THERE
AND MAKE THOSE SLACKERS
SEE THE LIGHT!
HA HA HA!
SURE.
WHATEVER YOU SAY.
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
MY FANS JUST KEEP GETTING
WEIRDER AND WEIRDER.
Crowler: THIS OUGHTA BE
QUICK AND PAINLESS.
Bonaparte: WELL...
FOR ASTER ANYWAY!
[THINKING]
BEATING A PRO LIKE
ASTER WON'T BE EASY,
BUT IT'S THE ONLY
WAY TO SAVE OUR DORM.
ATTENCION!
SHOULD ALEXIS
LOSE THIS DUEL...
IT'S AU REVOIR
RED DORM!
NOT GONNA HAPPEN, FOLKS!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
Jaden: HEY!
THAT'S MY LINE!
D'YOU HEAR THAT!?
I HEARD IT...BUT I
DON'T BELIEVE IT!
IT'S JADEN!
YOU'RE ALRIGHT!
WHERE'D YOU COME FROM?
HEY, GUYS!
DID EVERYONE MISS ME?!
WHAT'S UP?
WELCOME BACK.
IT'S ABOUT TIME!
WHERE YA BEEN, JAY?
ACTUALLY, SY,
IT'S FUNNY
YOU SHOULD ASK
ABOUT THAT.
I'VE GONE WHERE
NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE!
COULDN'T YOU HAVE
JUST STAYED THERE!?
OF COURSE NOT.
THERE WASN'T
ANY OXYGEN THERE,
AND BESIDES, THEY
DIDN'T GET CABLE!
SEE, I WENT
TO OUTER SPACE!
AND I CHILLED WITH
THIS DOLPHIN-MAN!
THEN HE GAVE ME
THESE TOTALLY RAD
CARDS FOR MY DECK!
HUH?
POOR GUY'S GONE MAD.
WOW, I'VE ALWAYS WANTED
TO HANG WITH AN ALIEN!
AND I THOUGHT
DUELING
A SPANISH CHEF
WITH A BAG ON HIS
HEAD WAS WEIRD!
TRUST ME IT GETS WEIRDER!
SINCE I'VE BEEN BACK
ON EARTH...
I'VE CHILLED OUT
WITH TWO MORE EXTRATERRESTRIALS!
PHASE TWO OF YOUR
MISSION BEGINS NOW!
I'M SORRY...
BUT AM I SUPPOSED
TO KNOW YOU?
I AM WHAT IS KNOWN AS
A NEO-SPACIAN FLARE SCARAB
BUT CALL ME "FLICK."
HI, FLICK.
HOLD ON.
DID YOU JUST
SAY THAT YOU'RE
A NEO-SPACIAN.
WHAT A COINCIDENCE.
SO'S HE.
ANY CHANCE YOU
KNOW A DOLPHIN
NAMED "AQUOS"?
OF COURSE.
HE IS A WATER SPACIAN.
I'M A BEING OF FIRE.
ARE THEIR OTHERS?
YES AND OUR FORCES
HAVE CONVERGED
WITHIN YOUR DECK.
NOW FOLLOW ME
AND I'LL SHOW YOU MORE.
COOL BUT WAIT UP!
HUH?
JADEN...
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR YOU...
UNH!
OHH!
LEMME GUESS.
YOU'RE
A NEO-SPACIAN.
AND YOU NEED
MY HELP, RIGHT?
WE'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR YOU FOR CENTURIES.
THE EARTHLING...
FROM THE PROPHESY.
THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN BRING
BALANCE TO THE UNIVERSE.
THAT'S WEIRD.
I CAN SEE ALL OF MY CARDS
NOW, EXCEPT FOR ONE.
WINGED KURIBOH.
[KURIBOH CHIRPING]
HUH?
OHH!
HEY. IT'S YOU, PAL!
[CHIRPING]
IT'S GOOD TO
HAVE YA BACK!
[THINKING]
I KNEW I'D
SEE YOU AGAIN!
SO MY DECK'S EVEN SWEETER NOW!
PRETTY WACKY STORY, HUH, GUYS?
ALL THE COOL STUFF
HAPPENS TO HIM.
FINALLY.
I'M BACK IN THE GAME.
ASTER! HOW'D YA LIKE
THE HONOR OF BEING
THE FIRST DUELIST TO LOSE
TO MY NEW DECK?!
'CAUSE I GOT A ROCKIN'
NEW SET OF HEROES NOW!
N' THEY'RE READY
TO THROW DOWN!
WILL YOU LISTEN
TO YOURSELF!?
YOU'RE INSANE!
THERE'S NOT A HERO MONSTER
ON EARTH THAT CAN HOLD
A CANDLE TO MINE!
WEREN'T YOU
LISTENING?
MY HEROES COME
FROM OUTER SPACE,
NOT EARTH!
Bastion: JADEN?
PERHAPS YOU NEED
SOME REST.
I MEAN DO YOU REALLY
BELIEVE THERE'S
A RACE
OF FISH-PEOPLE
OUT THERE?
OF COURSE NOT.
THEY'RE DOLPHIN-PEOPLE!
OH...RIGHT.
MY BAD.
LET ME TAKE
YOUR PLACE.
I NEED TO DO THIS.
HUH?
THANKS!
YOU WON'T REGRET IT,
ALEXIS!
BUT THAT'S NOT FAIR!
SURE IT IS!
JADEN LIVES
IN THE SLIFER
RED DORM AS WELL!
SO HE HAS JUST
AS MUCH OF A RIGHT
TO FIGHT FOR IT!
VERY WELL!
I SUPPOSE WE CAN MAKE
AN EXCEPTION THIS TIME.
IT'S A REMATCH.
THE PRESS
WILL LOVE THIS.
YOU'RE LETTING
THESE SLACKERS WALK
ALL OVER YOU AGAIN.
THANKS A MIL,
CHANCELLOR CROWLER!
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH
I'VE MISSED DUELING!
DO YOU MISS LOSING?
GO GET 'EM!
HEY THANKS.
I OWE YA.
ALRIGHT!
THAT'S ENOUGH!
ON WITH THE DUEL, PEOPLE!
WORKS FOR ME!
GAME ON!
I'LL KICK THINGS OFF!
AND WHO BETTER
TO START THE HURT
THAN MY DIAMOND DUDE!
WOW! THAT'S SOME START.
IT'S POWERFUL...
BUT IT'S NOTHING
JADEN CAN'T HANDLE.
AND NOW FOR A LITTLE
SPECIAL-EFFECT ACTION!
FIRST I DRAW THE TOP
CARD ON MY DECK!
AND IF IT HAPPENS
TO BE A SPELL CARD...
IT AUTOMATICALLY
ACTIVATES ON MY NEXT TURN!
NOW THE MOMENT OF TRUTH!
IT'S THE SPELL CARD...
GRACEFUL CHARITY!
I LOVE IT WHEN
A PLAN COMES TOGETHER!
SO DO I!
AND HERE'S MINE.
YOU'RE NOT
THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN START
WITH A HERO!
AND BELIEVE ME
THIS BAD BOY IS
GUARANTEED
TO MAKE A SPLASH!
SO MEET NEO-SPACIAN
AQUA DOLPHIN!
HUH?
TOLD YOU MY NEW HEROES
WERE OUT OF THIS WORLD!
IT'S TRUE.
THEY ARE ALIENS!
AND NEXT I ACTIVATE
MY FAKE HERO
SPELL CARD!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
NOW I'M ABLE TO
SUMMON ONE MONSTER
FROM MY HAND.
BUT IT RETURNS
TO MY HAND WHEN
THE TURN'S OVER.
NOW COME OUT
ELEMENTAL HERO
BLADEDGE!
AND SINCE AQUA DOLPHIN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
IS IN THE HOUSE...
I CAN DITCH ONE CARD
FROM MY HAND
IN ORDER TO GRAB
A MONSTER FORM YOURS!
AND THE UNLUCKY
WINNER IS...
NO, NOT HIM!
NEXT I PICK
A MONSTER
ON MY SIDE.
AND IF MINE HAPPENS
TO BE STRONGER,
THEN YOURS GOES
BA-BYE!
OH YEAH,
AND ONE MORE THING.
YOU LOSE
500 LIFE POINTS!
UNH!
NOT BAD HUH?
NEXT I'LL THROW
THESE DOWN,
TAKE BACK
BLADEDGE...
AND CHILL OUT.
LUCKY SHOT.
BUT NOW...
IT'S MY MOVE!
TIME FOR
GRACEFUL CHARITY!
I DRAW THREE CARDS.
AND THEN I GET RID OF TWO!
NOW PAY ATTENTION, CLASS.
READY?
I ACTIVATE...
A FIELD SPELL CARD!
MAUSOLEUM OF THE EMPEROR!
AND JUST TO MAKE
THIS PLACE EVEN CREEPIER,
THE BASEMENT'S FILLED
WITH A BUNCH OF OLD STATUES,
WHICH WE BOTH CAN USE.
ALL WE HAFTA DO...
IS GIVE UP SOME POINTS.
THEN WE CAN SACRIFICE
THESE STATUES
TO SUMMON MONSTERS!
SO NOW I'LL CALL
TO THE FIELD...
MY DESTINY HERO
DREADMASTER!
ERR!
AND NOW THAT
THE MASTER OF DREAD
IS HERE...
I CAN BRING TWO HEROES
BACK FROM THE GRAVE!
SO WITHOUT FURTHER ADO...
I SUMMON CAPTAIN TENACIOUS
AND DOOM LORD!
AND THEIR COMBINED POWER
GETS ADDED
TO MY DREADMASTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
YOU READY, DOLPHIN-BOY!?!
LET'S SEE WHAT KINDA
TRICKS YOU CAN DO!
DREADMASTER!
TURN FLIPPER
INTO FISH-STICKS!
HOLD IT,
MUSCLE HEAD!
NEGATE ATTACK!
THANKS TO THIS...
YOUR ATTACK IS OVER
BEFORE IT BEGAN!
THAT'S ALL
SHE WROTE, PAL.
LISTEN!
I'M NOT YOUR PAL!!
SOMEONE'S TOUCHY.
EXCUSE ME.
JUST TRYIN'
TA BE NICE.
HEY, ASTER!
THANKS IN ADVANCE
FOR SHARING YOUR
FIELD SPELL CARD!
I'LL SACRIFICE
THESE GUYS...
AND THEN I'M GONNA
SUMMON HIM!
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
NEOS!
THERE'S NO
SUCH THING, DUDE!
TRUST ME!
I KNOW EVERY
HERO THERE IS!
WELL FINE.
BUT I BET HE'S
TOTALLY LAME.
LET'S SEE WHACHA GOT,
SPACE MAN!
ZAP ME
WITH YOUR RAY GUN.
HE DOESN'T HAVE ONE.
BUT HE DOES HAVE
A PRETTY COOL TRICK.
YA SEE
NEO-SPACIANS...
WELL THEY LIKE
TO WORK TOGETHER.
AND WHEN THESE TWO
ARE BOTH
ON THE FIELD
I CAN FUSE THEM
TO FORM A NEW HERO!
AQUOS AND NEOS,
MERGE TOGETHER
IN ORDER TO FORM...
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
AQUA NEOS!
NO WAY. DID JADEN REALLY GO
TO OUTER SPACE?
SURE SEEMS LIKE IT.
WAIT'LL YOU SEE
WHAT HE CAN DO!
IF I GET RID OF ONE
OF MY CARDS...
TWO RANDOM CARDS
IN YOUR DECK
ARE DESTROYED!
SO I'LL TOSS OUT
MY BLADEDGE!
OHH!
NEXT I ACTIVATE...
HEATED HEART!
THANKS TO THIS...MY
AQUA NEOS GETS STRONGER!
BY 500 POINTS!
AQUA NEOS, ATTACK!
DESTROY HIS DREADMASTER
WITH SONIC ZOOM!
GOTCHA!
NOT BAD!
YOU JUST DISMISSED
HIS HIGHEST
RANKING OFFICER!
AWESOME!
WAY TA PLAY!
MY DREADMASTER.
BLOWN TO PIECES.
YOUR MARTIAN MUTANT
IS NOTHING NEXT
TO MY DESTINY HEROES!!
REALLY? 'CAUSE I
COULDA SWORN--OHH!
NEOS! HELLO?!
WHERE'D HE GO?
I THINK
HE RETREATED!
'SCUSE ME!
MR. NEOS!?
WE'RE KINDA
IN THE MIDDLE
OF SOMETHING HERE!
IF YOU FELLOWS ASK ME...
I'D SAY HE HAS
A LOT TO LEARN
ABOUT HIS NEW DECK.
AW, MAN.
AND JADEN'S WIDE OPEN NOW!
SINCE YOU'RE FRESH OUT
OF MONSTERS,
I'LL ASSUME
YOU'RE DONE.
SO NOW I'LL SHOW YOU
WHAT REAL HEROES CAN DO.
AND THE BEST WAY TO DO
THAT IS WITH THIS--
A TRIPLE ATTACK!
SO, DIAMOND DUDE...
CAPTAIN TENACIOUS...
AND DOOM LORD...
LET'S DO THIS!
DIRECT ATTACK!
OHH!
[GROANING]
JADEN!
HA HA HA!
SOON YOU'LL LOSE
YOUR LIFE POINTS...
THEN YOU'LL
LOSE YOUR DORM!
WHAT'S YOUR RUSH,
PHOENIX?
COME ON, BRO.
I WAS JUST GETTING
WARMED UP.
NOW THE REAL DUEL
CAN START!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪